README.md, before:

# React with ES6

[React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) is a "javascript library for building user interfaces" from the fine folks at Facebook & Instagram. It strictly focuses on the "V" in your MVC applications, and touts a blazing fast virtual DOM diff implementation.

In this series we are going to explore the usage of React with ECMAScript6 and explore the basic fundamentals of React to get you started.

You could find links to all parts of series below:
- [01 - React Fundamentals - Hello World - First Component](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/01%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Hello%20World%20-%20First%20Component)
- [02 - React Fundamentals - The Render Method](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/02%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20The%20Render%20Method)
- [03 - React Fundamentals - Introduction to Properties](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/03%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Properties)
- [04 - React Fundamentals - State Basics](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/04%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20State%20Basics)
- [05 - React Fundamentals - Owner Ownee Relationship](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/05%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Owner%20Ownee%20Relationship)
- [06 - React Fundamentals - Using Refs to Access Components](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/06%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Using%20Refs%20to%20Access%20Components)
- [07 - React Fundamentals - Accessing Child Properties](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/07%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Accessing%20Child%20Properties)
- [08 - React Fundamentals - transferPropsTo](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/08%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20transferPropsTo)
- [09 - React Fundamentals - Component Lifecycle - Mounting Basics](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/09%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Component%20Lifecycle%20-%20Mounting Basics)
- [10 - React Fundamentals - Component Lifecycle - Mounting Usage](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/10%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Component%20Lifecycle%20-%20Mounting%20Usage)
- [11 - React Fundamentals - Component Lifecycle - Updating](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/11%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Component%20Lifecycle%20-%20Updating)
- [13 - React Fundamentals - Composable Components](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/13%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Composable%20Components)

# Features
    ✓ Fundamentals concepts of React
    ✓ ES6 with Babel
    ✓ Component Class Syntax

# Getting Started

Just clone the repo, install superstatic (Superstatic is an enhanced static web server )  and go to each folder course
```
    $ git clone  https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6.git react-tutorial-es6
    $ cd react-tutorial-es6
    $ npm install -g superstatic
    $ cd 01 - React Fundamentals - Hello World - First Component
    $ superstatic
    Then open http://localhost:3474 in your browser.
```
### Questions, Comments, Suggestions?
Open an [Issue](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/issues)
### Credits & Sources
- [egghead.io](https://egghead.io/series/react-fundamentals)
- [buildwithreact](http://buildwithreact.com/)

### Other  Tutorials & Resources


### New to React? Check out these tutorials

-   [ReactJS For Stupid People](http://blog.andrewray.me/reactjs-for-stupid-people/)
-   [Flux For Stupid People](http://blog.andrewray.me/flux-for-stupid-people/)

### Licence
MIT

Commit message:

feat(jspm):  add examples with jspm
Load any module format (ES6, AMD, CommonJS and globals) with JSPM

README.md, after:

# React with ES6

[React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) is a "javascript library for building user interfaces" from the fine folks at Facebook & Instagram. It strictly focuses on the "V" in your MVC applications, and touts a blazing fast virtual DOM diff implementation.

In this series we are going to explore the usage of React with ECMAScript6 and explore the basic fundamentals of React to get you started.

You could find links to all parts of series below:
- [01 - React Fundamentals - Hello World - First Component](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/01%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Hello%20World%20-%20First%20Component)
- [02 - React Fundamentals - The Render Method](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/02%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20The%20Render%20Method)
- [03 - React Fundamentals - Introduction to Properties](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/03%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Introduction%20to%20Properties)
- [04 - React Fundamentals - State Basics](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/04%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20State%20Basics)
- [05 - React Fundamentals - Owner Ownee Relationship](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/05%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Owner%20Ownee%20Relationship)
- [06 - React Fundamentals - Using Refs to Access Components](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/06%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Using%20Refs%20to%20Access%20Components)
- [07 - React Fundamentals - Accessing Child Properties](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/07%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Accessing%20Child%20Properties)
- [08 - React Fundamentals - transferPropsTo](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/08%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20transferPropsTo)
- [09 - React Fundamentals - Component Lifecycle - Mounting Basics](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/09%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Component%20Lifecycle%20-%20Mounting Basics)
- [10 - React Fundamentals - Component Lifecycle - Mounting Usage](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/10%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Component%20Lifecycle%20-%20Mounting%20Usage)
- [11 - React Fundamentals - Component Lifecycle - Updating](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/11%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Component%20Lifecycle%20-%20Updating)
- [13 - React Fundamentals - Composable Components](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/tree/master/13%20-%20React%20Fundamentals%20-%20Composable%20Components)

# Features
    ✓ Fundamentals concepts of React
    ✓ ES6 with Babel
    ✓ Component Class Syntax
    ✓ Load any module format (ES6, AMD, CommonJS and globals) with JSPM

# Getting Started

Just clone the repo, install superstatic (Superstatic is an enhanced static web server )  and go to each folder course
```
    $ git clone  https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6.git react-tutorial-es6
    $ cd react-tutorial-es6
    $ npm install -g superstatic
    $ cd 01 - React Fundamentals - Hello World - First Component
    $ superstatic
    Then open http://localhost:3474 in your browser.
```
### Questions, Comments, Suggestions?
Open an [Issue](https://github.com/React-ua/react-cours-es6/issues)
### Credits & Sources
- [egghead.io](https://egghead.io/series/react-fundamentals)
- [buildwithreact](http://buildwithreact.com/)

### Other  Tutorials & Resources


### New to React? Check out these tutorials

-   [ReactJS For Stupid People](http://blog.andrewray.me/reactjs-for-stupid-people/)
-   [Flux For Stupid People](http://blog.andrewray.me/flux-for-stupid-people/)

### Licence
MIT
